---
layout: post
thumbnail-img: /assets/img/AngelaNewWebsitePhoto.jpg
title: About me
gh-badge: [star, fork, follow]
tags: [yoga, ashtanga, viking]
comments: true
subtitle: Angela's Yoga Bio
---
I am Angela, I am a qualified and registered yoga teacher with The British School Of Yoga in... Hatha Yoga, Ashtanga Yoga, and Childrens Yoga. I am a qualified Yoga For Cancer Teacher with Yoga Alliance, at this training i learned how to help anyone living with the side affects of cancer treatment. Along with my trainings I believe that a yoga teacher should have a consistent practise of their own so I make sure to get on my mat for me first so that I can give my students the best of what I can offer. I have been teaching for 9 years and first came to yoga 11 years ago as an injured runner. Yoga helped me to recover from training sessions and helped ease my sciatica, it really helped me become more self aware of my body and my posture. The more I practised the more I realised how much yoga helped with my mental health, my sleep and my breathing. I came to realise that yoga was way more than just stretching and making shapes, it was a whole way of life and that lead me to start my teacher training which was encouraged by my teacher at the time. I will forever be grateful for the encouragement from my first yoga teacher even if our paths and ideas are very different now.

All of my training and experience helps me to give you a varied class plan so that you never get bored of the same routine and so that we can work on different areas of the body from week to week making sure we cover all bases. Our warm up however will stay the same each week as this can be used as a marker to how you are feeling. A good yoga practise makes you feel more self-aware so you can give your mind and body what it needs.

